
Testing Vulnerable-Flask-App ...

 ✗ [High] Path Traversal 
   Path: vulnerable-flask-app.py, line 85 
   Info: Unsanitized input from an HTTP parameter flows into open, where it is used as a path. This may result in a Path Traversal vulnerability and allow an attacker to read arbitrary files.

 ✗ [High] Path Traversal 
   Path: vulnerable-flask-app.py, line 137 
   Info: Unsanitized input from an HTTP parameter flows into open, where it is used as a path. This may result in a Path Traversal vulnerability and allow an attacker to write arbitrary files.

 ✗ [High] Command Injection 
   Path: vulnerable-flask-app.py, line 127 
   Info: Unsanitized input from an HTTP parameter flows into subprocess.check_output, where it is used as a shell command. This may result in a Command Injection vulnerability.

 ✗ [High] Regular Expression Denial of Service (ReDoS) 
   Path: vulnerable-flask-app.py, line 203 
   Info: Unsanitized user input from a web form flows into re.search, where it is used to build a regular expression. This may result in a Regular expression Denial of Service attack (reDOS).

 ✗ [High] Cross-site Scripting (XSS) 
   Path: vulnerable-flask-app.py, line 39 
   Info: Unsanitized input from an HTTP parameter flows into the return value of welcome2, where it is used to render an HTML page returned to the user. This may result in a Cross-Site Scripting attack (XSS).

 ✗ [High] Cross-site Scripting (XSS) 
   Path: vulnerable-flask-app.py, line 67 
   Info: Unsanitized input from an HTTP parameter flows into the return value of get_users, where it is used to render an HTML page returned to the user. This may result in a Cross-Site Scripting attack (XSS).

 ✗ [High] Cross-site Scripting (XSS) 
   Path: vulnerable-flask-app.py, line 128 
   Info: Unsanitized input from an HTTP parameter flows into the return value of run_file, where it is used to render an HTML page returned to the user. This may result in a Cross-Site Scripting attack (XSS).

 ✗ [High] Improper Neutralization of Directives in Statically Saved Code 
   Path: vulnerable-flask-app.py, line 53 
   Info: Unsanitized input from an HTTP parameter flows into flask.render_template_string, where it is used to construct a template that gets rendered. This may result in a Server-Side Template Injection vulnerability.


✔ Test completed

Organization:      harpresing
Test type:         Static code analysis
Project path:      Vulnerable-Flask-App

Summary:

  8 Code issues found
  8 [High] 


